Use Alpha Properties
The best SuperAlphas are made with a robust analytical approach that incorporates your personal knowledge of the selected Alphas. Before you start researching SuperAlphas, it may be helpful to fill in the Alpha properties for each Alpha. Consider assigning a category, color, and/or custom tags to each Alpha so you can easily select them with your selection expression. For example, you can select all the Alphas which have been tagged using the selection expression in(tags, "my_example_tag"). Think about what tags would be most useful for grouping your Alphas. Note that each Alpha can have multiple tags.

Test First
SuperAlphas are computationally complex, and as such they can take a long time to simulate. Each person is allowed three concurrent simulations. Before you simulate a large SuperAlpha, try testing out the selection and combo expressions first. To test the selection expression, you can click on the "Run Selection" button and see the complete list of Alphas which will be included in your SuperAlpha. This takes only a few seconds, and can help you avoid a long simulations with the wrong Alphas. To test the combo expression, try setting the "Selection Limit" setting to a small number such as the minimum value, 10. Smaller SuperAlpha simulations will run much faster, allowing you to test your ideas more quickly. Once you are confident about your selection and combo expressions, then choose a larger set of Alphas to simulate.

Compare to Benchmarks
SuperAlphas tend to perform much better than Alphas, so using Alpha performance as a benchmark may not be helpful for developing good SuperAlphas. To help with this, the PnL chart shown in SuperAlpha simulation results shows two lines. The blue line is the performance of your SuperAlpha; the gray line is the performance of the same set of Alphas combined with a simple, equal-weight combo. An equal weight combo can be recreated by entering a constant as the combo expression. Generally, a good combo expression should outperform the equal-weight combo, but keep in mind that returns are not the only important measure of performance. You may also want to create and track your own benchmarks as you research SuperAlphas.



